this is unit 42 game heads and I'm here
with Eric from high voltage studios and
we bout to get a little bit into the
conduit check it out
first-person shooters in a week not old
usually don't go together what made you
guys decide to make it happen in the
week well really it was like the fact
that we wanted to play a game like this
we you know we were sort of sitting
around bemusing the state of the weed
you know it seemed like there was a lot
of you know casual games a lot of games
for moms crappy games to a lot of crappy
games a lot of bad quality ports and
games that really weren't taking
advantage of the system and we were
really excited by the controls and like
what you could do with the wiimote but
nobody seemed to be taking advantage of
it so we saw that said hey here's an
opportunity and let's let's go for it
this was we've always wanted to make a
game like this so we you know last year
and a half we really poured our heart
soul into this and it's turned out
pretty good pretty good i mean is
looking is looking sick and y'all really
put a lot into it now a little bit about
the gameplay you know you going around
shooting the aliens and still letter but
we go little in-depth about also need of
it totally i mean at a desk or it's an
action first person shooter you can go
around just kill spelled it but then
there's also some depth and complexity
with puzzle solving there's a lot of
areas where you can go through and find
hidden areas of the game to learn more
about the story or find crime hidden
weapon so you can get otherwise reveal
and visible geometry in the world so
that allows you to reveal traps or even
even invisible enemies that you have to
sort of paint with this light i'm going
to be able to take them out before they
face back out of visibility so there's
some other dynamics there in that great
multiplayer which obviously really
important then the single-player
experience you know we're taking full
advantage of the wii motion you know we
have the this this uh we use the wiimote
not only just a point shoot but we've
got a lot of mechanics that allows you
to you know bank around
with the using using a guided missile
kind of approach there's a weapon that
on the secondary charge mode it goes
into kind of a bolo and allows you to
likes to people around around corners or
if they're hit duck down behind cover
it's really cool for multiplayer
alright so we knows multiplayer we know
it's online the dreaded friend codes
yeah we have that work out well we're
working on it is what is what the short
answer is you know we've got a multiple
contingencies there we're working
closely with Nintendo we're trying to
avoid them all together because we're
not fans but like we a true game heads
don't support friend codes but what
we're promising is minimally it's going
to be as good of an experience or better
than then say Mario Kart which it wasn't
was it terrible it was it was a step in
the right direction it was a lot better
than like a smash brothers brawl for
sure you know but like still like you
don't have to wait around forever you
you want to be able to get in and play
and we are supporting we speak which is
awesome because you can trash-talk and
that's important nice little is this so
is it going to be like am i able to
speak while actually playing was it sort
of just like in a lobby area where
nobody fools yeah both speak the whole
time you're playing that's that's that's
the whole fun of it to be able to talk
smack nice nice
put a single player game is that anyway
we play in that way once i'm done with
the first go-around yeah there's a lot
of collectibles throughout the world so
you can find out a lot about the story
kind of how we're telling the story is a
little bit different than some games
we're not like smashing you over the
head with like a lot of cans cinematics
a lot of stories told through radio
broadcasts and TV broadcasts that you
can look at if you want to if you just
want to power through I go to them you
can do that but if you want to dig
around and find out more about the world
find secret areas learn more about
what's going on you can do that too so
you know there is a lot of depth than
being able to go and you know if you're
completionist and you want to unlock
everything and find out every piece of
concept art and you know behind the
scenes is all in it's all there as far
as the story can you go a little bit
internet yeah well I mean we can touch
down in a little family I don't we don't
want that we still want you got invited
gang yeah you're just gonna drop a
little bit nuggets here so yeah so I
mean you're you play as a Secret Service
agent michael ford who is a voice box
with separate yep and he did an awesome
job man he was so cool to work with him
and his father Morgan were amazing
amazing and of course Kevin Kevin Sorbo
also voice the voice of atheists a fair
that's Hercules for you cast I don't
know yeah and Andromeda and then drama
so and that was cool there were all of
them were really cool to work with but
what what you what you do is secret
service agent your inducted it's sort of
the shadowy government organization
known as the trust your sent it to check
out what's going on with this this
terrorist Prometheus and it quickly it
turns out that it's a full-scale alien
invasion you're trying to protect the
president you're fighting through our
nation's capital DC and you know you get
to fight through Jefferson Memorial
through the Pentagon to the library of
congress even the Oval Office the game
is looking for
I'm definitely going to cop it you
better cop it and you got to support
people like this because they make it a
way to hide system right now so it's
again please go pre order please go buy
it and we really really believe in the
weed we want the wii to be the key
system there's so many great nintendo
fans out there and you know if you want
games like this made you got to go
biking support it